Reduce API calls and avoid inconsistent GitHub issues states (#1112)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: CHANGELOG.md

All changes that impact users of this module are documented in this file, in the [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org) format with some additional specifications defined in the CONTRIBUTING file. This codebase adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased [patch]

> Development of this release was supported by the [French Ministry for Foreign Affairs](https://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/fr/politique-etrangere-de-la-france/diplomatie-numerique/) through its ministerial [State Startups incubator](https://beta.gouv.fr/startups/open-terms-archive.html) under the aegis of the Ambassador for Digital Affairs.

### Fixed

> - Merge state and label updates on reported issues to reduce API calls and avoid inconsistent state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce API calls and avoid inconsistent states on GitHub issues reports
```
